# W3F Grant Proposal

- **Project Name:** Coinversation Protocol
- **Team Name:** Coinversation labs
- **Payment Address:** 0xaB945b438EaB12A73f3d2e5301d53582Bb61f644(usdt)
- **[Level](https://github.com/w3f/Grants-Program/tree/master#level_slider-levels):** 1, 2 or 3

## Project Overview :page_facing_up:
Coinversation Protocol is a stable currency protocol based on interest-bearing assets based on the parachain of Polkadot. Users can use different currencies such as CTO and DOT, etc to synthesize CUSD through smart contracts and oracle. Users can cast CUSD by staking tokens that can generate interest. Bridging USDT, USDC and other stable currencies to Coinversation to form the largest stable currency exchange platform in the Polkadot ecosystem. 

### Overview

The stablecoin created by Coinversation Protocol is decentralized, multi-asset collateralized, supports cross-chain, and supports real-world asset access through Polkadot bridge. The biggest difference between it and the past decentralized stablecoins is that there are no stability fees or interest, but stablecoins are issued in a synthetic asset collateral pool. Therefore, the cost that users pay to generate Coinversation Stablecoin (cUSD) through collateral is determined by the relative change of all synthetic assets in the entire system, rather than artificial regulations in previous decentralized stablecoins (e.g. Dai). This cost is more market-oriented, and at the same time it is equivalent to the inflation rate of stablecoin to world assets.  In general, the stable currency cUSD and the synthetic asset issuance and contract exchanges in the Coinversation Protocol constitute a complete Defi system in the Polkadot ecosystem.

### Project Details

The main functional modules of the whole system are: Mint center, Cross-chain Interest, Platform Revenue, Liquidity Mining, Liquidation, Vault.

#### Mint center
The CUSD generated by the whole system users mortgaging certain collateral. The collateral includes interest-bearing tokens such as CTO and DOT, and users can choose the proportion of CUSD they need to exchange. If stable currency is used as collateral, because it is an interest-bearing product, its leverage ratio will continue to decrease and it will never be liquidated.

#### Cross-chain Interest
When users put interest-bearing tokens such as CTO and DOT into our platform, the platform will show what chain they put into, what products they put into, and what the comprehensive rate of return is.

#### Platform Revenue
When users put in interest-bearing tokens and generate interest automatically. We will charge a certain percentage of the fee for the interest-bearing part, which we will vote on the chain to determine our percentage. This income will give dividends to $CTO collateralized users, and later we will bind with nodes and distribute rewards to users who vote for nodes. The fee for stable currency exchange will also enter the platform revenue.

#### Liquidity Mining
We will award $CTO to:
- Users who form LP on Coinversation.
- Users who form CUSD-LP
- Users who stake $CTO

#### Liquidation
The liquidator on the chain can become our liquidation robot. He will receive 5% of the total amount of liquidation as a reward. Anyone can participate in our liquidator. If bad debts occur, we will repay the entire mortgage system from the platform revenue.

#### Vault
Coinversation is a yield aggregator platform that provides DeFi users with automated compounding yields at empirically optimal intervals while pooling gas fees through smart contracts and best yield optimization strategies. Enables the highest APY on Coinversation using a proprietary dynamic harvest optimizer.


### Ecosystem Fit

Coinversation Protocol is a stable currency protocol for interest-bearing assets based on Polkadot's parachain. Users can synthesize CUSD through smart contracts and oracles using different currencies such as CTO and DOT.Users can mint CUSD by betting on interest generating tokens,flexible use of CTO allows users to participate in ecological maintenance to a greater extent,two-way incentive,and reduces risk significantly. Connect USDT, USDC and other stable currencies with Coinversation to form the largest stable currency trading platform in the Polkadot ecosystem.

## Team :busts_in_silhouette:

### Team members

- Chen
- Jin
- Joe

### Contact

- **Contact Name:** Chen YongAn
- **Contact Email:** opensource@coinversation.cn
- **Website:** www.coinversation.io

### Legal Structure

- **Registered Address:** No.977 Wenyi West Road, Yongfu Community, Wuchang Street, Yuhang District, Hangzhou City, China
- **Registered Legal Entity:** Crypto Geeks Capital Ltd.

### Team's experience

Founded by a US PhD team, the core members are from first-tier technology companies such as Alibaba, ANT Group, Google. More than 70% of the team members have a Master degree or a PhD degree, and many of them have more than ten years of development experience and are early developers of Ethereum.

### Team Code Repos

- https://github.com/<your_organisation>
- https://github.com/<your_organisation>/<project_1>
- https://github.com/<your_organisation>/<project_2>

Please also provide the GitHub accounts of all team members. If they contain no activity, references to projects hosted elsewhere or live are also fine.

- https://github.com/<team_member_1>
- https://github.com/<team_member_2>

- https://github.com/Coinversation

### Team LinkedIn Profiles 

## Development Status :open_book:

If you've already started implementing your project or it is part of a larger repository, please provide a link and a description of the code here. In any case, please provide some documentation on the research and other work you have conducted before applying. This could be:

- links to improvement proposals or [RFPs](https://github.com/w3f/Grants-Program/tree/master/rfp-proposal) (requests for proposal),
- academic publications relevant to the problem,
- links to your research diary, blog posts, articles, forum discussions or open GitHub issues,
- references to conversations you might have had related to this project with anyone from the Web3 Foundation,
- previous interface iterations, such as mock-ups and wireframes.

## Development Roadmap :nut_and_bolt:

### Overview

- **Total Estimated Duration:** Duration of the whole project (e.g. 2 months)
- **Full-Time Equivalent (FTE):**  Average number of full-time employees working on the project throughout its duration (see [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Full-time_equivalent), e.g. 2 FTE)
- **Total Costs:** Requested amount in USD for the whole project (e.g. 12,000 USD). Note that the acceptance criteria and additional benefits vary depending on the [level](../README.md#level_slider-levels) of funding requested. This and the costs for each milestone need to be provided in USD; if the grant is paid out in Bitcoin, the amount will be calculated according to the exchange rate at the time of payment.

### Milestone 1 — Implement Minting Center and Oracle

- **Estimated duration:** 1 month
- **FTE:**  2
- **Costs:** 8,000 USD

| Number | Deliverable | Specification |
| -----: | ----------- | ------------- |
| 0a. | License | GNU General Public License v3.0 |
| 0b. | Documentation | a basic tutorial that explains our pool and dex’s principle for users. |
| 0c. | Testing Guide | Core functions will be fully covered by integration testing. In the guide, we will describe how to run these tests. |
| 0d. | Docker | Our contracts will run on the parachain, so it’s no need to make a Dockerfile to test. |
| 0e. | Article | We will publish an **article**/workshop that explains [...] (what was done/achieved as part of the grant). (Content, language and medium should reflect your target audience described above.)
| 1. | Liquidity Pool | Contracts that allow users to adjust the pool’s binding tokens, join and exit the pool, calculate price, trading using user-specified param and collect trading fee. |  
| 2. | Pool Factory | Contracts enable users to create liquidity pools, as well as features such as seeing if a pool already exists. |  
| 3. | Deposit Coin | Users generate cUSD by pledging interest-bearing stable coins, which also make the assets interest-bearing. |  
| 4. | LP Token | We will create a ERC20 like contract that dedicated to manage LP tokens. |  
| 5. | Oracle Integration | Utilizing the Chainlink pallet to get trusted price to feed to Minting center for forging and liquidating. |  


### Milestone 2 — Transaction Pool

- **Estimated Duration:** 1 month
- **FTE:**  1
- **Costs:** 4,000 USD

| Number | Deliverable | Specification |
| -----: | ----------- | ------------- |
| 0a. | License | GNU General Public License v3.0 |
| 0b. | Documentation | a basic tutorial that explains our transaction pool principle for users. |
| 0c. | Testing Guide | Core functions will be fully covered by integration testing. In the guide, we will describe how to run these tests. |
| 0d. | Docker | Our contracts will run on the parachain, so it’s no need to make a Dockerfile to test. |
| 0e. | Article | We will publish an **article**/workshop that explains [...] (what was done/achieved as part of the grant). (Content, language and medium should reflect your target audience described above.)
| 1. | Cooperation Layer | The agreement will work with external DEX and AMM to enable cUSD to circulate to the market |  
| 2. | cUSD Price Peg | The price of cUSD is mainly maintained through Coinversation's own system ecology. |
|    |   | A user holding CUSD debt may notice that CUSD is trading in a sub-$1 market and decide to buy some CUSD at that discount to pay off some debt. Relative to its volume, this purchase of CUSD will have a price increase effect. |
|    |   | A user holding a component (valid collateral) may notice that CUSD is trading above $1 in one market and decide to open a position and sell the borrowed CUSD for use elsewhere. This deal will have a price reduction effect relative to its quantity. |
|    |   | Users who hold other cryptocurrencies (stablecoins or not) may see CUSD traded differently on the two markets above and decide to buy CUSD on one market where the price is below $1 and at a price of sold on another where for $1 or more. This can also happen in reverse. |
|    |   | In most cases, many market arbitrage is done by robots that constantly monitor markets to find opportunities to earn from these price gaps. The advantage is it can quickly fix the price gap. |


### Milestone 3 — Interest from Multi-Chains、Liquidation、Stake Node(ERC20：CTO)

- **Estimated duration:** 1 month
- **FTE:**  2
- **Costs:** 8,000 USD

| Number | Deliverable | Specification |
| -----: | ----------- | ------------- |
| 0a. | License | GNU General Public License v3.0 |
| 0b. | Documentation | a basic tutorial that explains our Interest from multi-chains、liquidation、stake node principle for users. |
| 0c. | Testing Guide | Core functions will be fully covered by integration testing. In the guide, we will describe how to run these tests. |
| 0d. | Docker | Our contracts will run on the parachain, so it’s no need to make a Dockerfile to test. |
| 0e. | Article | We will publish an **article**/workshop that explains [...] (what was done/achieved as part of the grant). (Content, language and medium should reflect your target audience described above.)
| 1. | Stake Node | The contract has ERC20 incentive properties and is rewarded with tokens (CTO) in three ways. The contract is able to deposit transaction fees and other proceeds from the platform from the trading pool. And the platform will repay the entire collateral system when it liquidates bad debts. |  
| 2. | Liquidation | The liquidation mechanism is triggered when the debt of the user's collateralized assets exceeds the asset security threshold, which is carried out by the liquidator, who is the holder of the CTO. |  
| 3. | Interest from Multi-Chains | Cross-chain asset transfer via XCMP for interest generation purposes, and the platform will show what chain they put into, what products they put into, and what the comprehensive rate of return is.  |  


## Future Plans

Please include here

- how you intend to use, enhance, promote and support your project in the short term, and
- the team's long-term plans and intentions in relation to it.


## Additional Information :heavy_plus_sign:

**How did you hear about the Grants Program?** Web3 Foundation Website / Medium / Twitter / Element / Announcement by another team / personal recommendation / etc.

Here you can also add any additional information that you think is relevant to this application but isn't part of it already, such as:

- Work you have already done.
- If there are any other teams who have already contributed (financially) to the project.
- Previous grants you may have applied for.
